Turn down the urinal.
What happened to the young master?
Big brother, today is my grandfather's birthday.
Give me a face.
Take peace as precious, take peace as precious.
But he hit a little.
I tell you, just him, you can't tie him up.
You look for gas.
After you die, he'll find me.
Listen to the big brother.
See, we're still the ones who lack quality.
Don't argue with a savage like you.
This product wants to rob women with the Road young man
Just as poor he deserves it.
In exchange, I would have let them drag him out and beat him to death for dogs to eat, Master Tang.
Go out and kill him.
You shut up.
Later in the crematorium is a small parrot, too thin face.
In May, no one here can sacrifice your freedom in exchange for profits.
You can go anywhere you want.
Even Jesus could not stop it.
As for a vase plus a large trick, you men and women, after holding hands, quickly get out of here.
I'll take you a thousand miles.
Then you can enjoy the days of the rich second generation of Jiu Tri Tho Lam.
What is it that dares to run around in my neighborhood?
The ghost can't take his eyes off
How dare you wait for me in the ashes?
Don't Tangja and To's family exist?
The two houses of Tang Su in my eyes are just a bunch of ants.
Ngo Viet came with me.
Let's see who stops you.